hi i'm nekkid side view and this is
cooking with side view episode 2 if you
don't know what side view is or what
side you util is come to the site if
you're still watching I assume you know
what what's I do is and even what side
you utilize and that you have decent
familiarity with splunk and with a
Splunk user interface systems we're
going to do here today is quickly
skimmed through the side you doodles
documentation right now you're thinking
I'm completely crazy I've made a
screencast of myself reading my own
documentation and you're right are
completely crazy but these docs have
living examples built into them so
they're more engaging than documentation
normally is when you're reading about
any module or any technique in noodles
and the docs page there's always a
living example of whatever it's talking
about so the best way to read these docs
is to click the links to look at the
actual xml source you can interact with
the living example read the docs and
then at the same time see the xml source
depending on your browser it may try and
put its own clever xml viewer logic here
I don't really like any of what they do
so let's look at the actual XML so most
of this is the chrome you can see
there's the up app bar message on etc
side then you see example begin here's
the actual example we have a search it
runs this blog search runs it over the
past hour it pushes it to a side view
pulldown module this is also save your
searches this is also a side view
blanchett it pushes it to this pulldown
this pulldown renders out those series
fields now we can use the selected value
whatever the user selected from the
pulldown we can use that as selected
source type down here so we plug that
into another search then the overall
search and the time range and everything
is now given to a table which is inside
a pager this will render out a little
table so every time every time you
change the pulldown it'll render a new
table that's it let's go back and look
at the view again so here's our example
again this is the dynamic pull down one
so it's just showing you the most simple
example of how to render and then you
who's a dynamic pulled on always over on
the right they'll be notice about the
particular config introducing any new
modules or any new params many of the
pages are stitched together into a
linear flow so you see here this example
builds on the previous example for the
intrepid brave users are actually go
through that linear flow and look at all
the examples and skim the xml source for
each one it'll take about an hour but
you'll come out the other side with a
much better idea of how this blanc you I
works not only just how the how the side
you you I works but how the whole splunk
advanced XML system fits together from
there you'll have the tools to create
simple views but almost more importantly
you'll be able to deconstruct really
complex views from other apps and you'll
always keep on learning let's look at
one other page quickly in addition to
that linear flow page to page the
contents also arranged in the nav in two
different ways on the one hand there's
module documentation which lays
everything out is basic reference
materials if you want to know everything
about the side view HTML module it's
there likewise pull down text field post
process likewise other more advanced
modules are all in here too then on the
other side essentially the same content
is sprayed out into different key
techniques if you want to know
everything cool about post process
across different side view modules you
can you can see it that way too let's
look at the inline drill down page here
shows a configuration where clicking or
drilling down on a table runs another
search and just blaze that in a chart as
you can see if I click on access
combined it runs a search chest it up
that
so let's look at the XML again and again
we'll do it side-by-side the app tells
you that this is you know the
recommended way of viewing it so again a
lot of chrome lot of this lot of that a
lot of HT is the actual docs and then
here again example begin we've got a
search we've got a time range we give
that to a table now when things are
nested inside a table that means the
user these things will only show when
the user clicks on the table so we show
a header again we show what they clicked
on just to give them a queue and you see
here click search terms this is a this
is new inside view tools to point out it
can be as simple as that just say click
search terms will figure out what it is
doesn't matter if this is a jst art or
flash charter a simple results table
will figure out what the drill-down
terms are and course plonk you'd have to
have a lot of intention syntax to do
this you have all these convert to
intention modules and your XML would be
really twice as long as this would be a
much more complicated example inside
view tools one point X this was a lot
easier and it gave you a nice tokens
that give you it gave you really these
ones we just saw clicked up field set
series you can plug dollar tokens into
any pretty much any side view / am
whereas in the core system it's pretty
rare there's only a couple places you
can use these tokens but in two point oh
we've added a lot more this is one of
the cooler ones you really can just fire
and forget doesn't really matter what
it's showing here it'll it'll figure it
out so anyway let's go back to see the
view again this is that view run to
search whatever the user clicks on it'll
draw a chart for that underneath and
you've got again Doc's here docstoc dogs
anyway no matter what slice of improved
functionality we're talking about the
side view Dalls docs has it has a living
example somewhere wait and tell you
about it so download there's a 90 day
trial available from the site download
it today check it out over you're on the
right you can see download trial can
view the screenshots pricing for the app
depends a bit on your current splunk
license size so if you're interested in
purchasing send us an email telling us
the size of your current spunk license
we'll get you a quote thanks for
watching check out the site at SideReel
apps com and check back for more
screencasts coming